feat(curriculum): restructured expense tracker python project (#52639)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-an-expense-tracker/65823634a308cb4d6bcc5fa6.md

---
id: 65823634a308cb4d6bcc5fa6
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> Lambda functions can be valuably combined with the `map()` function, which executes a specified function for each element in a collection of object, such as a list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lambda functions can be effectively combined with the `map()` function, which executes a specified function for each element in a collection of objects, such as a list:
```

```py
map(lambda x: x * 2, [1, 2, 3])
```
The result of the example above would be `[2, 4, 6]`, where each item in the list passed to `map()` has been doubled by the action of the lambda function.

> Modify your `print()` call to print the result of calling `map()` with `test` as the first argument, and `[2, 3, 5, 8]` as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify your `print()` call to print the result of calling `map()` with `test` as the first argument and `[2, 3, 5, 8]` as the second argument.
```
